
privacy policy for Mojareb app

This information is provided pursuant to Article 13 of Legislative Decree No. 196/2003 - Code regarding the protection of personal data.
By filling out the form, you authorize the Data Controller to process your personal data. The provision of data is optional. Refusal to provide data makes it impossible to obtain all the services offered.

Purpose of the treatment
The personal data provided by users will be used in order to establish a commercial relationship. The email generated by the contact form is not kept, if a job does not result from the sent request.

Methods for data processing
The data collected are processed with IT and paper tools. Appropriate security measures are observed to prevent the loss of data, illicit or incorrect use and unauthorized access. The data will not be transferred abroad.

The data
controller The data controller is Yaman Sanobar Kobe, Japan.


Data processor In case of need, for activities related to the maintenance of the technological part of the site, the data can be processed by employees of supplier companies, data processing managers pursuant to article 29 of the Code regarding the protection of personal data . The current site in particular is hosted in the Aruba cloud.

Rights of the interested
parties The subjects to whom the personal data refer have the right at any time to obtain confirmation of the existence or otherwise of the same data and to know its content and origin, verify its accuracy or request its integration or l 'update, or correction (article 7 of the Code regarding the protection of personal data). Pursuant to the same article, you have the right to request cancellation, transformation into anonymous form or blocking of data processed in violation of the law, and to oppose in any case, for legitimate reasons, to their treatment.

The user, after having read the information pursuant to art. 13 of Legislative Decree 196 of 30 June 2003, consents to the treatments as described above.
